hi um could you get some wine please
sure it loves them Richard this is Darcy
what are you doing here oh oh hello so I
show up to work at the lab slash your
mom's house fully expecting you to be
moping around your pajamas eating ice
cream and obsessing about you-know-who
oh but you're not you're wearing lady
clothes moving shower didn't you smell
good
is there a point to all this cuz there
really needs to be a point to all this
right and all that scientific equipment
you know look at anymore you might want
to start looking at it again hmm this is
a reason we came all the way out here
it's not functioning stuff where I said
that's what I did
but you do something a little more
scientific sure it's nothing ugh
doesn't look like nothing kind of looks
like the readings that Eric was rambling
about our friend Eric I want banana
balls he's not interested
I'm not interested time for you to go
now okay short but sweet she needs help